[3.6.0] Rendering Changes (#1148)
telerik/blazor-docs: upgrade/rendering-changes/3-6-0.md

---
title: 3.6.0
description: Handle the rendering changes in the 3.6.0 release of the Telerik UI for Blazor components.
page_title: Rendering Changes in 3.6.0
slug: changes-in-3-6-0
position: 2
---

> # Rendering Changes in 3.6.0

Reviewer: Add a list of components with anchors here for better usability of the article.

> # Rendering Changes in 3.6.0

Reviewer: General food for thought - which **additions** fall in the scope of the article? The idea is that we should not document our HTML rendering for every new feature.

Adding new classes to previously existing is probably fine.

## DateTimePicker

* Added `k-datetime-container` CSS class to the `<div class="k-popup">` element.

## Drawer

* Removed the `k-drawer-mini` CSS class from the `<div class="k-drawer">` element when the Drawer is in [Expanded Mode]({%slug drawer-mini-mode%}).

> * The `k-drawer-left` and `k-drawer-right` CSS classes are changed to `k-drawer-start` and `k-drawer-end`.

Reviewer: Follow consistent grammar and sentence structure. For example -

```suggestion
* Renamed the `k-drawer-left` and `k-drawer-right` CSS classes to `k-drawer-start` and `k-drawer-end`.
```

### Calendar Navigation CSS classes

| Pre-3.6.0 | 3.6.0 |
|---|---|
| k-nav-today | k-calendar-nav-today |
| k-nav-prev | k-calendar-nav-prev |
| k-nav-next | k-calendar-nav-next |
| k-nav-fast  | k-calendar-nav-today |
| k-prev-view | k-calendar-nav-prev |
| k-next-view | k-calendar-nav-next |

## Grid

* Added `k-sorted` CSS class to the `<th class="k-header">` element when the column is [Sorted]({%slug components/grid/features/sorting%}).
* Added `k-grid-header-menu` CSS class to the `<span class="k-grid-column-menu">` element.
* Removed the `k-grid-filter` CSS class from the `<span class="k-grid-column-menu">` element.
* Added `k-grid-filter-menu` and `k-grid-header-menu` CSS classes to the outermost HTML element of the [Filter Menu]({%slug grid-filter-menu%}).

## TabStrip

* Added `k-first` CSS class to the first TabStrip tab.
* Added `k-last` CSS class to the last TabStrip tab.

## Window

* Added `k-window-minimized` CSS class when the Window is minimized.
* Added `k-window-action` CSS class to the [Action Buttons]({%slug components/window/actions%})(`<button class="k-button">`).

> ## Dialog

Reviewer: Maybe we should sort the components alphabetically?
